[spacy_lookups]
ast = spacy_lookups_data:ast
bn = spacy_lookups_data:bn
bg = spacy_lookups_data:bg
ca = spacy_lookups_data:ca
cs = spacy_lookups_data:cs
cy = spacy_lookups_data:cy
da = spacy_lookups_data:da
de = spacy_lookups_data:de
el = spacy_lookups_data:el
en = spacy_lookups_data:en
es = spacy_lookups_data:es
et = spacy_lookups_data:et
fa = spacy_lookups_data:fa
fr = spacy_lookups_data:fr
ga = spacy_lookups_data:ga
gd = spacy_lookups_data:gd
gl = spacy_lookups_data:gl
grc = spacy_lookups_data:grc
gv = spacy_lookups_data:gv
hr = spacy_lookups_data:hr
hu = spacy_lookups_data:hu
id = spacy_lookups_data:id_
it = spacy_lookups_data:it
lb = spacy_lookups_data:lb
lt = spacy_lookups_data:lt
mk = spacy_lookups_data:mk
nb = spacy_lookups_data:nb
nl = spacy_lookups_data:nl
pl = spacy_lookups_data:pl
pt = spacy_lookups_data:pt
ro = spacy_lookups_data:ro
ru = spacy_lookups_data:ru
sr = spacy_lookups_data:sr
sv = spacy_lookups_data:sv
ta = spacy_lookups_data:ta
th = spacy_lookups_data:th
tl = spacy_lookups_data:tl
tr = spacy_lookups_data:tr
ur = spacy_lookups_data:ur

